layout.md, before:

untitled.tex
subsection_Conventional_Building_Analysis_A__.tex
figures/TypicalFeatures/TypicalFeatures.png
subsection_Automated_Temporal_Feature_Extraction__.tex
figures/TemporalFeatures/TemporalFeatures.png
subsection_Research_Questions_The_primary__.tex
subsection_Objectives_The_objectives_of__.tex
section_Research_Context_Unsupervised_Feature__.tex
subsection_Smart_Meter_Analytics_label__.tex
subsection_Portfolio_Analytics_label_PortfolioAnalytics__.tex
subsection_Operations_Optimization_and_Controls__.tex
subsection_Anomaly_Detection_label_AnomalyDetection__.tex
section_Case_Studies_label_sec__.tex
figures/worldmap/worldmap.png
figures/timezonesbar1/timezonesbar1.png
figures/bar_industry/bar_industry.png
figures/bar_subindustry/bar_subindustry.png
figures/bar_primaryspaceuse1/bar_primaryspaceuse1.png
subsection_Interview_and_Site_Visit__1.tex
subsection_Online_Open_Case_Studies__.tex
subsection_Selection_of_Case_Study__.tex
section_Statistics_based_Features_label__.tex
subsection_Daily_Magnitude_Metrics_This__.tex
figures/01_singleexample_dailymag/01_singleexample_dailymag.png
figures/01_DailyMagnitudes/01_DailyMagnitudes.png
subsection_Regression_Metrics_label_sec__.tex
Daily_load_ratio_is_another__1.tex
figures/02_singleexample_dailyloadratio/02_singleexample_dailyloadratio.png
figures/02_DailyMinVsMax/02_DailyMinVsMax.png
section_Weather_Influence_based_Features__.tex
subsection_Correlation_Coefficient_label_sec__.tex
figures/weathersensitivity/weathersensitivity.png
The_correlation_coefficient_can_be__.tex
figures/PrimarySecondaryClassroom_Cardiff_RiverbankSchool/PrimarySecondaryClassroom_Cardiff_RiverbankSchool.png
figures/04_Spearman/04_Spearman.png
subsection_Change_Point_Model_Regression__.tex
figures/Changepointmodelexample/Changepointmodelexample.png
section_Pattern_based_Features_label__.tex
subsection_Dirunal_Pattern_Extraction_label__.tex
figures/ClusteringProcessDiagram_V4/ClusteringProcessDiagram_V4.png
figures/SAXBreakpoints/SAXBreakpoints.png
figures/SAXCreationV2/SAXCreationV2.png
figures/SAXWordExample_BarLine/SAXWordExample_BarLine.png
figures/DiscordSankeyExample/DiscordSankeyExample.png
figures/UWC_Chiller_SankeyHeatmapV2/UWC_Chiller_SankeyHeatmapV2.png
subsection_Long_term_Pattern_Consistency__.tex
section_Implementation_Results_Characterization_of__.tex
section_Implementation_Results_Enhanced_Benchmarking__.tex
section_Implementation_Results_Scalability_Across__.tex
figures/measures/measures.png
figures/classificationconfusionmatrix/classificationconfusionmatrix.png
figures/classificationimprovement_AMI/classificationimprovement_AMI.png
section_Conclusion_and_Outlook_label__.tex

Commit message:

inserted figures/DiscordSankeyExampleWithHeatmapV2/DiscordSankeyExampleWithHeatmapV2.png into layout

layout.md, after:

untitled.tex
subsection_Conventional_Building_Analysis_A__.tex
figures/TypicalFeatures/TypicalFeatures.png
subsection_Automated_Temporal_Feature_Extraction__.tex
figures/TemporalFeatures/TemporalFeatures.png
subsection_Research_Questions_The_primary__.tex
subsection_Objectives_The_objectives_of__.tex
section_Research_Context_Unsupervised_Feature__.tex
subsection_Smart_Meter_Analytics_label__.tex
subsection_Portfolio_Analytics_label_PortfolioAnalytics__.tex
subsection_Operations_Optimization_and_Controls__.tex
subsection_Anomaly_Detection_label_AnomalyDetection__.tex
section_Case_Studies_label_sec__.tex
figures/worldmap/worldmap.png
figures/timezonesbar1/timezonesbar1.png
figures/bar_industry/bar_industry.png
figures/bar_subindustry/bar_subindustry.png
figures/bar_primaryspaceuse1/bar_primaryspaceuse1.png
subsection_Interview_and_Site_Visit__1.tex
subsection_Online_Open_Case_Studies__.tex
subsection_Selection_of_Case_Study__.tex
section_Statistics_based_Features_label__.tex
subsection_Daily_Magnitude_Metrics_This__.tex
figures/01_singleexample_dailymag/01_singleexample_dailymag.png
figures/01_DailyMagnitudes/01_DailyMagnitudes.png
subsection_Regression_Metrics_label_sec__.tex
Daily_load_ratio_is_another__1.tex
figures/02_singleexample_dailyloadratio/02_singleexample_dailyloadratio.png
figures/02_DailyMinVsMax/02_DailyMinVsMax.png
section_Weather_Influence_based_Features__.tex
subsection_Correlation_Coefficient_label_sec__.tex
figures/weathersensitivity/weathersensitivity.png
The_correlation_coefficient_can_be__.tex
figures/PrimarySecondaryClassroom_Cardiff_RiverbankSchool/PrimarySecondaryClassroom_Cardiff_RiverbankSchool.png
figures/04_Spearman/04_Spearman.png
subsection_Change_Point_Model_Regression__.tex
figures/Changepointmodelexample/Changepointmodelexample.png
section_Pattern_based_Features_label__.tex
subsection_Dirunal_Pattern_Extraction_label__.tex
figures/ClusteringProcessDiagram_V4/ClusteringProcessDiagram_V4.png
figures/SAXBreakpoints/SAXBreakpoints.png
figures/SAXCreationV2/SAXCreationV2.png
figures/SAXWordExample_BarLine/SAXWordExample_BarLine.png
figures/DiscordSankeyExample/DiscordSankeyExample.png
figures/DiscordSankeyExampleWithHeatmapV2/DiscordSankeyExampleWithHeatmapV2.png
figures/UWC_Chiller_SankeyHeatmapV2/UWC_Chiller_SankeyHeatmapV2.png
subsection_Long_term_Pattern_Consistency__.tex
section_Implementation_Results_Characterization_of__.tex
section_Implementation_Results_Enhanced_Benchmarking__.tex
section_Implementation_Results_Scalability_Across__.tex
figures/measures/measures.png
figures/classificationconfusionmatrix/classificationconfusionmatrix.png
figures/classificationimprovement_AMI/classificationimprovement_AMI.png
section_Conclusion_and_Outlook_label__.tex
